[TT-11699] Update documentation for MDCB 2.5 to master (#4317)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/shared/mdcb-config.md

### storage.hosts
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_STORAGE_HOSTS</b><br />
Type: `map[string]string`<br />

Add your Redis hosts here as a map of hostname:port. This field is required when storage.enable_cluster is set to true. example:<br>`{`<br>  `"server1": "6379",`<br>  `"server2": "6380",`<br>  `"server3": "6381"`<br>`}`

### storage.addrs
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_STORAGE_ADDRS</b><br />
Type: `[]string`<br />

It can be either a single address or a seed list of host:port addresses of cluster/sentinel nodes. It overrides the value of hosts.

### storage.redis_use_ssl
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_STORAGE_REDISUSESSL</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

If set, MDCB will assume the connection to Redis is encrypted. (use with Redis providers that support in-transit encryption).
Deprecated. Use `use_ssl` instead.

### storage.redis_ssl_insecure_skip_verify
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_STORAGE_REDISSSLINSECURESKIPVERIFY</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

Allows usage of self-signed certificates when connecting to an encrypted Redis database.
Deprecated. Use `ssl_insecure_skip_verify` instead.

### storage.timeout
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_STORAGE_TIMEOUT</b><br />
Type: `int`<br />

> Set a custom timeout for Redis network operations. Default value 5 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set a custom timeout for Redis network operations. Default value is 5 seconds.
```

### storage.use_ssl
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_STORAGE_USESSL</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> Enable SSL/TLS connection between your Tyk MDCB & Redis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable SSL/TLS connection between Tyk MDCB & Redis.
```

### storage.ssl_insecure_skip_verify
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_STORAGE_SSLINSECURESKIPVERIFY</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> Disable TLS verification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable TLS verification.
```

### analytics.mongo_ssl_allow_invalid_hostnames
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSCONFIG_MONGOSSLALLOWINVALIDHOSTNAMES</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

Ignore hostname check when it differs from the original (for example with SSH tunneling). The rest of the TLS verification will still be performed

### analytics.mongo_ssl_ca_file
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSCONFIG_MONGOSSLCAFILE</b><br />
Type: `string`<br />

Path to the PEM file with trusted root certificates

### analytics.mongo_ssl_pem_keyfile
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSCONFIG_MONGOSSLPEMKEYFILE</b><br />
Type: `string`<br />

Path to the PEM file which contains both client certificate and private key. This is required for Mutual TLS.

### analytics.mongo_session_consistency
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSCONFIG_MONGOSESSIONCONSISTENCY</b><br />
Type: `string`<br />

Set the consistency mode for the session, it defaults to `Strong`. The valid values are:
* eventual
monotonic

### analytics.mongo_batch_size
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSCONFIG_MONGOBATCHSIZE</b><br />
Type: `int`<br />

Sets the batch size for mongo results.

### analytics.driver
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSCONFIG_DRIVER</b><br />
Type: `string`<br />

> Determines the driver used by the storage. It could be `mongo-go` to use the official mongo driver for go or `mgo` to use the old driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `mongo-go` to use the official mongo driver. Alternatively, use `mgo` to use the old driver.
```

ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSSTORAGE_HOSTS</b><br />
Type: `map[string]string`<br />

Add your Redis hosts here as a map of hostname:port. This field is required when storage.enable_cluster is set to true. example:<br>`{`<br>  `"server1": "6379",`<br>  `"server2": "6380",`<br>  `"server3": "6381"`<br>`}`

### analytics_storage.addrs
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSSTORAGE_ADDRS</b><br />
Type: `[]string`<br />

It can be either a single address or a seed list of host:port addresses of cluster/sentinel nodes. It overrides the value of hosts.

### analytics_storage.redis_use_ssl
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSSTORAGE_REDISUSESSL</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

If set, MDCB will assume the connection to Redis is encrypted. (use with Redis providers that support in-transit encryption).
Deprecated. Use `use_ssl` instead.

### analytics_storage.redis_ssl_insecure_skip_verify
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSSTORAGE_REDISSSLINSECURESKIPVERIFY</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

Allows usage of self-signed certificates when connecting to an encrypted Redis database.
Deprecated. Use `ssl_insecure_skip_verify` instead.

### analytics_storage.timeout
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSSTORAGE_TIMEOUT</b><br />
Type: `int`<br />

> Set a custom timeout for Redis network operations. Default value 5 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set a custom timeout for Redis network operations. Default value is 5 seconds.
```

### analytics_storage.use_ssl
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSSTORAGE_USESSL</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

Enable SSL/TLS connection between your Tyk MDCB & Redis.

### analytics_storage.ssl_insecure_skip_verify
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSSTORAGE_SSLINSECURESKIPVERIFY</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> Disable TLS verification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable TLS verification.
```
